I was only a kid when I left her
I had no idea what the universe had in
store for me
are facing an unstoppable threat
you guys are our last chance I guess
we're stuck together partners are you
telling me the definitive 12 billion
people is in the hands of a thief two
thugs murder panamania
this might not be the best idea
will not stand by as evil wipes out
billions of innocent lives
why would you risk your life for this
because right now life is giving us a
chance
if we don't protect the galaxy who will
who follow your lead
oh yeah
gonna hurt
I have a plan
part
it's a fake laugh it's real
totally fake Roop thank you
what is that it's a Bob and you leave it
lying around I was gonna put it in a box
what the box gonna do you just want to
suck the joy out of everything